Cher, why don't you want to believe me?
I believe you are the ghost
Deal with the poles as soon as possible
Otherwise, our Mr. Qin will not finish with you.
Cher, I admit that I was indeed simp before.
But I'm not now.
I have changed
Cher, no one believes you, so pitiful
Do you like the surprise given to you by Master Su?
You don't really think you just won, do you?
Your character has collapsed
In the future, Qin Mengyao and Yan Ruoxue are afraid that they will hate you to death
In addition, you have solved the problem of the land.
This time I'm going to step on your head
In the future, Qin Mengyao and Yan Ruoxue
The woman who will eventually become my Yechen
Brother Yi, don't blame me.
You are really targeting Brother Chen too much.
It's just too much
As long as you want
We can still make up
What do you mean?
I want 1 billion investments
I also want you to help me build a bridge with Mr. Qin
Everything you gave Yan Ruoxue
I want it too.
Hahahahaha brother, what are you laughing at?
I'm afraid that Young Master Su has lost his mind and lost his mind
You two don't really think
Just use this small measure
You can beat me